This woolen coat costs hundreds.
And that color TV costs more than 2,000.
Did you spend too much money?
That's okay.
Don't you and Xiaorou like color TV the most?
As long as you like
It's worth the money.
After the TV arrives at home
Take a good look at home
Does Xiaorou like this teddy bear?
It's nice to like dad
Can you accept Dad now?
Of course dad is the best dad in the world
Xiaorou is so nice
Daddy, can I go play hoop?
Of course you can.
As long as Xiaorou likes it
Play with everything
Almost almost
Keep it up. Keep it up.
Hmph, you play with him
I'm going to buy two drinks
Okay, Xiaorong, go buy a drink for Dad, okay?
Hey!
Xiaorou
Mom goes to the bathroom
Can you play by yourself for a while?
You little beast with a mother and no mother
How dare you push my son?
outrageous
Then why are they like this?
It's unreasonable at all.
Let you push me
Let my mother teach you a good lesson